Hello, hello.
Hey, mate, can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear.
Okay, this is like, you know, is uh,
SIT 102 channel or is it different group?
Ohh.
I'm not too sure, man.
The way I took it is that they were going
to call us.
One second, LANA.
Thank you.
Okay.
Is that what you got as well?
Yeah, sorry,
like I didn't hear like clearly.
Can you repeat it again, please?
Yeah,
so from my understanding is that they
were going to call us and individually
have a different breakout rooms.
The thing where we typed in our name was
just to just to kind of get a list of
R.K.
people that need help.
I don't know where you are on that list,
OK, it makes it.
but I'm probably near the bottom.
Okay, then I put my name also,
but you know, it looks like, you know,
everything is like, you know,
in the session or something.
I was a bit confused. Thank you anyway.
Yeah,
so she sent a little message and it was a
pop-up and you were able to click it and
add in there.
And it might still be in the discussion
board itself. I'm not 100% sure though.
Yeah, because...
If you go to, can you guys hear me?
Yeah, hey man, what's up?
Yes.
Sorry, it's being echo in here.
If you go to activity,
there'll be a log of all the different
like messages you get and then that's
where like we put our names in there.
You can see Alex Wu mentioned online
Good looking now.
seminars or whatever. Click on that,
and that's where you can see where we put
Yeah.
the messages in there.
Yeah,
I wasn't sure what they were going to do.
So yeah, I'm just as confused.
Yeah,
I think they just might grab us and do a
bit of a breakout or something like that,
just to handle us individually.
I was told by Alex to post my thing in
the discussion area,
and then I tagged Ben, Alex, and Alex,
or Alex, Ben,
and one of the other guys that you see,
and.
He said, oh,
they'll take care of you in the seminar.
In the seminar,
I asked the question and they said that
it wasn't anything specific needs to be
discussion,
anything general we can do here.
So it was a bit of kind of like our wires
crossed, I guess. Mixed information.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, fair enough.
Um...
Anyway, Jacob, I sent you an e-mail.
I'm happy to connect with you on your
Yeah, I saw that. Thank you for that.
Yeah.
personal time when you need help with
your assignments.
I needed to go over kind of like what I
can, you know,
what I can say and what I can't say,
you know, as far as help goes. You know,
they've, I didn't want to say anything,
you know, in front of everyone, so.
No, that's fine. Yeah, whatever.
I have to,
I'm going to have to request extensions
formally through the, I guess,
the unit chair now, because I'm like,
I'm out of date on something and
Do you have do you have a medical cert
and stuff like that?
something.
I can get it. I can definitely get it.
Make sure you do the hard, the back day,
you know.
Yeah, yeah, that's the trouble.
Services like Updoc are kind of kind of
crappy and stuff,
and they may not be accepted by this
university,
so just got to kind of watch out for that.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
I have a GP and all that.
Yeah.
He knows me well enough and whatever,
and I've got valid reasons. I suppose the,
Yeah.
yeah,
the one of my issues is like I submitted
P2,
but I apparently was missing some
subsection of P2. Like, and I was,
I thought it was really good,
I did the same thing, yeah.
because like in the
in the task sheet PDF, it's like, oh,
and you should be ready to submit,
but if you want to do other stuff, blah,
blah, blah. And I'm like, OK, well,
Exactly.
But you actually have to go in and do it.
and then I did that.
You know what I mean? It's not like,
you know, hey, if you want some extra,
YEE.
you know, readings, then go do that.
I was like, extra readings? No, thank you.
I've got enough to do. I don't need extra.
The.
Like I logged everything,
like verbatim up until that point,
and then it's like, it just said,
it felt like it was an optional thing,
That's funny.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I did the same thing.
I walked away and I was like, yeah, yeah,
and I'm like, oh, okay, okay.
I'm done. And I get to the end of it,
and they're like,
talking about hello world and other stuff
in discussion. I'm like,
what are you talking about?
Then I go and look through,
and I was like, are you joking me?
It says right there to do it.
There's like A1 little word that sort of
implies that it should be done.
And I was like, "Bet, I'll just do it,
" and it took like a couple hours to
knock it out, but...
Yeah, yeah, cool, nice one. Yeah,
I sort of flubbed big time on it because
I had to go back to work for four days
after I submitted it and it was like just
before the due date. So like now I'm like,
I'm so boned,
Far out, yeah.
I'm going to have to like do some other
stuff.
But the good thing is at least I have,
I had some medical stuff going on as well.
So,
at least they'll be able to probably get
some medical certificates to get
extensions on stuff and whatever,
Well, I'm a novice at this stuff,
but so far this hasn't been too
honestly.
challenging. So if you do need help,
I'm happy to jump in.
And sometimes it's just easier to have
someone to say, hey, is this right?
You know,
or even if you get stuck on something,
I'm probably going to get stuck at some
point. So.
Yeah, no, that'd be fantastic, actually.
Yeah,
it'd be good to have someone to work with
and talk to.
Are you, by chance,
are you going for distinction HD,
anything like that?
Originally when I just like when I signed
up, I was like, oh yeah,
I want to do the HD.
Like when we did the learning plan or
Mmh.
whatever, I was like, yep, HD,
I'm going to go straight for it.
And now that I'm behind,
like I'm overdue on 2 tasks and one's
like needs to be submitted by Monday.
I'm like, oh God, like, I'm screwed.
I think I think you should still still
still stick with it.
It's a lot easier than it than it looks,
at least at least do the distinction.
I'm going to do like a pantry sorter
generator idea.
There's tonnes of really simple things to
do to show to show different different
That's cool.
processes, like for this one here. I mean,
you got sequences, control flows.
functions and procedures.
You're leaving comments, of course,
and then you have structs,
correct data types, arrays, and loops.
That's all stuff that we learn through
this course.
And you present it in a smart way. Yeah,
man, you're going to get the distinction.
You're helping out. You also have,
I think,
I think programming,
I'm trying to think between math and I've
got a discrete maths course,
it's kind of annoying. And this one,
they require for the distinction in HD
stuff that you're connecting with people
and that you're having conversations with.
And so I can vouch for you that you've
helped me. I can vouch for that you've,
you know, you've sought additional help.
As well,
and you can you can add that to your
learning journey as evidence that you are
connecting and you participating,
basically.
Yeah, that that would be brilliant.
I think it's like the active engager
thing or whatever it is on OnTrack. Yeah.
Yeah, that's it. That's it.
And even if you're not going for HD or
distinction,
it's still going to improve those other
grades in their eyes, I'm sure.
Yeah, I'd definitely be 100% keen on that.
Like,
I was working like full-time casual and I
was like 4 days on, four days off.
It's too much then.
So in my 4, for my, yeah, I know.
But in my four days off,
I was like cramming as much as I could,
but I missed the last block.
Yeah.
So I was like,
Oh, geez, like 4, 4 and four,
so I was like 12 days out as well,
but plus I had medical reasons,
like why stuff was going on, but...
Yeah, of course, yeah.
But I got fired, which is good news,
I guess. So now I've got plenty of time.
Hey, hey, it is, it is, it is a good news.
You got to take it as a positive.
It just means you're on to better things.
And you got more time for your
Yeah.
assignments, too,
which I think AI pays a lot more than
maybe what you were doing. I don't know.
Yeah, well, that's the that's the idea,
that's the hope and dream, I suppose.
Yeah, absolutely.
Man, so what are your plans next job,
Centrelink? What are we talking?
I think I'm just going to focus on study
while I've got my savings.
Just live, live at home, do something.
Yeah, I, I, cause like,
seeing how far behind I, I've gotten now,
I'm like, oh god,
this is like alarm bells in my brain,
I'm like freaking out, I'm like, okay, no,
that's it,
I'm not doing anything except my
coursework until like everything's done.
I can tell you,
I don't know if it makes you feel good or
bad, but I can tell you,
I have been to KURT.
I've seen other universities,
their coursework.
I have never been so damn busy as at
Deakin anywhere else. QUT,
and the benefit here is, is though,
even though
It's a lot of work.
It's a lot of busy work. You do learn.
You do, you're forced to learn.
You have to,
because that pressure to get it in and
get it done,
you learn so much more than you would say
at QUT. The AI bachelors at QUT,
it's three assessment items. That's it.
You know what I mean? A report, it's QUT,
What's Q? Did you say QUT or QIT?
yeah, Queensland University of Technology.
That's where I was going before here.
I was going online.
Ohh, OK.
And easy, dead simple.
The reason why I swapped, because,
you know,
I'm neurodivergent and I have problems
with exams and anxiety and stuff like
that. Obviously, I don't tell people that.
Oh dude, yeah, I can totally,
I can totally vibe with that, yeah.
But you get that, right?
So whilst I can talk to you and tell you
Yeah.
all about this stuff,
but when you get to the exam part,
it's just like a blank.
have issues with that. And so anyway,
they take exams.
I had 12 exams in the year and I'm
thinking, God,
there's got to be a better way.
And I was like, oh, easy portfolios,
no problem.
But I'm spending day and night.
It's like an 8 hour job doing these
portfolios. And I'm not a slouch.
Do you know what I mean?
Like this stuff's not hard.
Yeah.
But what is hard is the constant riding.
You need a hand. And like I said,
I'm happy to help. You know what I mean?
It's going to be easier.
Yeah, dude,
I totally vibe with everything you just
Many hands make light work, so.
said. I'm like, yeah, that's me, dude.
Like, I'm exactly the same. It's like,
Yeah.
Teh.
I mean,
because you're just trying to swim and
holy crap.
keep your eyes above water,
you know what I mean?
It's like next two day, next two day.
And I emailed the UC, and he was like, oh,
I said, I said, look,
I don't micromanage me.
I don't like to be micromanaged.
And he's like, oh,
it's not meant to be micromanaged.
It's an automated e-mail,
because they send out these emails that
say, you're supposed to have.
P1, P2, P3, P4, done,
and you should be thinking about,
I was like, dude, calm down. Yeah, yeah.
I was like, how do I block this?
Yeah, the announcements in Teams, I was...
I don't like to be micromanaged.
Do you know what I mean? And he's like,
oh, you know,
it's not supposed to be micromanaged.
Yeah.
And he gives me this long spiel of what
it's supposed to do. I said, cool,
doesn't do any of that.
Just as a time pressure.
You know what I mean?
I know what I'm doing.
I can work at my pace, right?
Because you can keep doing extensions,
right,
and go all the way to 13 weeks of that.
That's all it takes, you know.
Okay,
'cause like I really need the extensions.
I'm gonna have to sort that out like
immediately, 'cause I need,
I'm gonna need extensions.
I'm not gonna OnTrack now.
Yeah.
Go tomorrow, go tomorrow, yeah,
get your GP.
I need P2, P3, P4,
and they all need extensions at the
moment, like, which is ******.
Are you finished with P2, P3?
I'm about to break into P4 setup tonight.
Yeah.
P2 is like, P2 is like nearly finished,
except I didn't do the like graphics
version of the Hello World thing.
I missed like the context of the task
You missed the same thing I missed was
that.
sheet.
Um, and that was,
that's like 3 days overdue now from the
I don't know what it is;
I read like most of it.
resubmission extension I got,
so I'm gonna have to get extensions on
Right, yeah.
like three of these tasks now,
but here's the thing.
But technically, if you, if you're,
hold on, if you're, if you got it,
if you got it figured out and you think
you're going to be all right,
you could just submit it and not get
feedback and get the tick.
It's just a pass assessment.
So you don't have to actually,
you know what I mean?
That on time thing is like this loose
thing. It doesn't have to be on time.
I don't know if it'll factor in for
distinction, high distinction.
But you, you know,
it just means that that's the deadline
for feedback. You won't get any feedback.
So technically,
you could just fire it away and they can
either tell you resubmit or submit.
But if you're solid,
you can probably get away with two and
three. Two and three wasn't so hard.
It's the bloody screenshots.
That's the difficult part.
Yeah, okay, well I can,
I could show you like what I've done so
far. I don't know how to share,
like I'm used to like Discord and stuff
like that, so this stuff is...
I do Discord as well, man.
I'm a bit older than you, obviously,
but I still game and stuff.
You know what I mean? Since I was 4,
that's my special interest. You know,
I didn't get the maths special interest.
Oh, Yu.
Ohh.
You know, I got video games, but whatever.
Yeah, me too, actually.
We probably have a lot more in common
than you'd think, actually.
I'm definitely older than I sound as well.
Probably, yeah.
Yeah, right, right, right.
Um...
Yeah, I'm actually thirty-two, yeah.
32, try 41, what? 41 in December, yeah,
so.
Are you 41?
Oh dude,
I was freaking out because I was like,
oh man,
I'm gonna be like the oldest dude trying
to do this stuff like...
The thing of it is,
I think that it actually gives you an
advantage. 30 is perfect, right?
So if you've chosen to change your career
path at 30, great job.
I wanted to do it at 30, I didn't.
I did other things.
I coded when I was a kid,
played video games, you know,
did first person shooter, aim bots,
and you know what I mean,
coded for my friends and stuff.
And then, and then I stopped.
I was a bad kid.
You were one of those horrible Call of
Duty hackers, weren't you? Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course,
of course, still am, no, but yeah,
Teh.
I'm on the fly anyway, but the no,
but you know,
I enjoy it and that's how I enjoy my
games,
like break them apart and just simple
stuff and build stuff, but anyway,
the thing I was gonna say is that,
because you're because you're 30,
like you, it's prime of life, man.
This is when you want to change.
40 is hard to change.
I'm doing that at 40,
just at the start of 40. I still have,
by the time I'm done, if I go to PhD,
it's going to be 48, 46, you know?
But when you're done,
you'll be three years later,
you'll be in a great AI job.
The bubble's not popped yet.
You'll be all right, man.
You'll make a good bit of scratch,
invest it in other things, because
You know, life changes.
You can't do AI forever.
You're going to have to do something else.
So you do another part of computing,
Yeah, okay.
right? When AI kind of settles down,
you know.
AI does definitely interest me.
I'm probably sort of a bit in the middle.
Like I'm not one of those people who's
like, oh, I hate AI. How are you people,
you know,
how can people live with yourselves?
Yeah.
And I'm not one of those people who's
like, oh my God, bro,
Yeah.
you got to get on the next cryptocurrency.
Like this is all, you know,
Yeah, it's your age.
You missed the cringy crypto bro thing,
like I'm not one of those guys.
and you avoided the boomers,
you know what I mean? Like,
Yeah.
you're in the middle,
you're in the sweet spot. Lucky you,
you know?
Yeah, I'm very critical of everything,
I suppose. And I think, oh, AI is good,
but it could be bad, but it could be good.
You know, I'm like one of those guys, so.
Ohh.
I like to I like to think of that your
origin is like a realist,
you know what I mean? It's like, look,
it's going to be good,
good in the right hands,
bad in the right hand,
bad in the wrong hands, and you know,
it's probably going to be bad.
You know what I mean, let's be honest,
but we'll see what happens with the whole
YEE.
thing.
I'm just surprised the regulation isn't
as strict as it is,
the things you can do with it,
especially broken models and stuff.
I don't know much about that stuff,
honestly. I wanted to learn more about it.
Mm.
But yeah, I've got no clue.
I've done a lot of coding stuff,
but you know,
I'm not like a C# programmer or a C
programmer.
I've been starting to get into it way too
Man, stick, stick with, stick with Python,
especially if you get into data science,
late.
that's all they use, Python.
Oh, really? Okay.
Yeah, yeah,
it's the main preferred language.
It's easy, it's simple.
The thing with C is that it's universal.
You can put it on a system level.
You can use it on an OS, no problem.
Python is more like scripting and stuff
like that, but it's still,
you can obviously read the scripting and
build code with it and stuff,
and that's what they use in data science.
Oh, that's cool. Okay, right. Now,
I don't know enough about everything,
really. I'm a bit of a hermit.
I sort of shut myself away and.
I'm A hermit as well, man. Trust me.
I got the attitude of like,
Teh.
I'm always out, but I'm always home, man.
I play video games, doing my thing.
Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, cool. Yeah,
I've done a bit of scripting,
probably more so scripting languages,
a bit of JavaScript, you know,
Mm.
stuff like that. I'm by no means a pro,
but I love code.
Mm.
I love like the just granularity stuff,
like
Going down to like, you know...
Um, bit shifting, or you know,
binary and hexadecimal, and um...
Yeah,
you flip open the hood and you see what's
going on underneath. Yeah, it's cool, man.
It's a lot like engineering.
Yeah.
It's the way the engineer's mind works.
They disassemble their reality and try to
YEE.
then rebuild it and make something new or
augmented or modified it. It's cool.
Yeah,
it would be cool to chat more like later
on as well about this stuff.
It would be cool.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You have my e-mail. Well,
I actually on Discord,
I reckon that's probably easier for me.
I don't know what you think.
Oh, hell yeah, absolutely. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
When you see me playing Call of Duty,
don't make fun of me. You know,
don't call me Unc or whatever they call
him now.
I don't play Call of Duty anymore.
I used to play Call of Duty 4, actually,
that was like one of my favorites,
like the original COLLADO 4.
That's like,
that's when they stop making good Call of
Duties, do you know what I mean?
Right around then,
Modern Warfare and the original cons.
Yeah, these days, jeez,
I've been playing a little bit of
everything.
I guess I've been playing a little bit of
Okay. Okay.
Valheim lately, the last couple of days.
That's new to me. But before that,
Do you stick with first person shooters
or do you go into like strategy games and
platformers, rogue lights?
I play a bit of everything, honestly.
Probably the only thing I don't play a
lot is MOBAs. I don't go much on those,
but I've been playing a lot of Left 4
Okay.
Set game.
Dead lately, Gary's mod.
I'm a massive Half-Life nerd.
Yeah.
I like everything Half-Life.
God, that's such an old game, man.
Yeah.
I remember when it first came out,
you know, yeah.
Fallout, love Fallout.
Fallout's like definitely another one,
a big one of mine.
Last Fallout game I played was New Vegas.
If you can remember, you can believe that.
When it first came out,
it was buggy as hell. Fun though.
Yeah, it's a banger.
It crashed the desktop every five seconds,
yeah.
All right. All mate's asking me, Jeremy,
need help for extension.
But...
I'm going to pop into this call, Jacob,
and shoot you up on e-mail.
No worries mate,
it was a pleasure talking with you.
Always a pleasure, man. Catch ya.
See ya.